[Music]
hey wait
we gotta try it try what
calling the empty man who's the empty
man
if you're on a bridge and you find a
bottle you blow into it
[Music]
and you think about the empty man
oh come on mandy how old are you tell
him to rest
on the first night you hear him and on
the second night you see him
and on the third night well on the third
night he finds you
[Music]
he finds you
like a disease and his message is
contagious
[Music]
every child has a fairy born just for
them
tinker's bell was born for you it's just
about
she's in a hurry to grow up
he dreams of exploring new lands who are
these dirty vagabonds
and what have they done with my children
this is the untold story
of a brother and sister two kindred
adventurers
our alice and our peter
i am
the lost boys at your service
[Music]
girls fingernails are black with dirt
we will make a lady of you yet
alice comes with me
rose you shall pay your debt
i need more time take me away
peter don't let life take you down you
just keep floating above it
the trouble father said i want to help
[Applause]
we can all use a little extra courage
now and then
[Music]
it's not time to grow our palace neverus
peter
you'll see
this poor souls journey has come to an
end
from dust we started to dust we return
every corpse tells a story but it's our
task to listen
so these are all stories about how
people died
some tales even i find too unsettling to
recount
she's dead you got to get that body out
of your apartment
keep your doors locked tonight and keep
an eye out for crazies oh monsters
that's pretty cool yes it isn't
[Applause]
[Music]
dinner on
[Laughter]
your story is just beginning
[Music]
[Applause]
hello this is a distress call can you
fly this plane
no
true love
[Music]
that's a gift unlike any other
it's all scary until you just do it
so why not just do it
this is your captain welcoming you to
wyoming flight 227
you remember those lessons i used to
give you you ready to give it a go
make sure that the horizon stays level
right here i'm going to turn off the
autopilot
look bra
[Laughter]
he's having a heart attack
we have no pilot the autopilot is broken
we have no idea where we are
neither of us can land a plane hello can
anyone hear me this is a distress call
two two seven come in this is two two
seven you still got her in the air so
keep doing you're doing
holy [ __ ] look at that i see the storm
it's too big to go around you're gonna
have to play through it
that's our shot no going back let's get
off this plane
oh
[Music]
you are being considered
for the amazing opportunity
of life
[Music]
if you are selected you will have the
chance to be born in a fruitful
environment where you can grow develop
and accomplish
[Music]
am i dead i wouldn't say you're alive or
[Applause]
are dead the boss i would say a cog on
the wheel
[Music]
how long is this process if you make it
until the end nine days
[Music]
your senses will become unbearably
sharper and stronger
it's your new beginning you'll never
remember me or anything else that
happened in this place
but you'll still be you
every single day someone hurts someone
else every single day someone takes
someone else's life
why are you focusing on that why are you
not focusing on that you've been here a
few days
but you've lived every second
are you afraid of what
nine days nine
i used to be loved i used to be a kid
detective
we're all really counting on you i was
so far ahead of the game
but one day i just woke up behind this
guy in my home room claims you practice
with the mets i need to find out if he's
lying
he's lying
so what can i help you with somebody
murdered my boyfriend
seriously pretty seriously he was
stabbed 17 times
is it possible he was involved in drugs
no
he would never do drugs gambling no he
would never gamble
demon worship no he would never worship
a demon
here comes the kid detective
someone's following us this isn't safe
they're trying to see how my head works
somebody's testing me
[Applause]
[Music]